---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Tokenomics

## NEON

NEON powers The Neon Desert, and is used by most ingame activities

Initial supply of NEON was issued to the token deployer and was wholly staked in a liquidity pool to provide others access to purchase the token

New NEON is generated at the Altar by staking liquidity pairs

## Resource Tokens

Resource tokens are generated by gathering activities, like chopping wood and mining for ore.

Crafting uses these tokens

##

## On Botting

(Just some ideas on how to combat this. What do you think? Important to get this idea right and ensure it can’t be abused. Nothing is actually designed or built yet this is just theory craft)

An issue that we will need to address is botting.

Due to the nature of the blockchain anyone can interact with an app’s smart contracts. We must assume that any abusable action will end up being abused.

If for example, repeatedly chopping wood was profitable, we must assume people will set up a swarms of automated wood chopping bots. This in itself is okay. They would help in growing the economy, would likely drive prices down but also add a lot of liquidity and resources to use for other projects.

If a process is able to be exponentially abused this could crash segments of the economy or turn a resource valueless.

To combat this we will scale down resource generation based on the volume of that resource generated recently, scaling down eventually to zero profit for the activity.

Below graph would start on the left at 100% resource production cap during no spike in production. Approaching 0% on the right during extremely heavy production.

￼

At worst, the swap price for a resource would be able to pay for the ability to gather that resource, and provide a free to play player the ability to accumulate enough to proceed to the next feature of item class.

This will discourage bots from abusing any particular resource because as soon as they start to ramp up their abuse diminishing rewards start to scale.
